adding project limits for error reporting (#3263)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/error-reporting/org-settings/project-management.md

---
id: project-management
title: Project Management
sidebar_label: Project Management
description: Manage projects.
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> On the Project page, you can configure project-specific and default limits, and view individual project usage. Project limits help prevent a sudden spike in one project from affecting the overall instance limit, thus maintaining error data traffic for other projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Project page, you can configure default and project-specific limits and view individual project usage. Project limits help prevent a sudden spike in one project from affecting the overall instance limit, thus maintaining error data traffic for other projects.
```

> Project limits can cumulatively be above the purchased limit of the entire instance. If a limit is reached, the data will stop being received at either the project or instance level, when applicable. Generally, set the project limits some margin higher than your expected usage to maintain data flow to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project limits can cumulatively be above the purchased limit of the entire instance. If a project or instance limit is reached, incoming data will be dropped at the corresponding level.. Generally, set the project limits some margin higher than your expected usage to maintain data flow to the project.
```

> Project limits can cumulatively be above the purchased limit of the entire instance. If a limit is reached, the data will stop being received at either the project or instance level, when applicable. Generally, set the project limits some margin higher than your expected usage to maintain data flow to the project.

Reviewer 2: Maybe a bunch can be deleted by just finishing the first paragraph with "Universe limits supersede project limits."

```suggestion
Generally, set the project limits some margin higher than your expected usage to maintain data flow to the project.
```
